Tombo: Go Pepper pounder!
Carrot crunch!
Eggstreme eggplant!
Cu-Clobber!
NISTRO: Looks like somebody had
a run-in with a produce stand.
Better call it in.
Dextra: We found
another downed duelist.
Send a unit here right
away to help him out.
Whoever did This is
playing by their own rules.
Check this out.
Just as I thought.
That stain is tomato juice.
What kind of crazy
duel was this, kid?
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: I plan to do a
lot of dueling today,
so I've gotta fill up
on some duel fuel!
TORI: Yuma,
please try to eat
like a human being.
Sorry, but I'm hungry
as an elephant!
No way!
Yo, come back you snacknapper!
That's mine!
I can't duel on
an empty stomach.
You look like you need
some Energizin', my friend!
Here, Chow down
on some cucumbers!
They are Dee-Licious!
I love these.
I wonder if they come
in any other flavors?
Hey you're right.
They're great.
So, did you grow all these
vegetables yourself?
Yes, ma'am!
Wow!
I'm not hungry anymore,
and I'm ready to duel.
Thanks uh... what's your name?
Well sir,
I'm tombo tillbitty!
And I love tomatoes, more
than practically anything!
My dream is to build a huge
entertainment Park dedicated to
tomatoes right here
in the big city!
A tomato amusement park?
Yesiree!
Se tomatoes are the finest
and funnest vegetables on this
whole planet.
I wanna win the duel carnival,
so I'll be set on the road to
fame and fortune and I can make
tomatotopia a reality!
Of course I need a greeter to
meet the guests When they enter
the park, and I thought...
that you would make the absolute
perfect person for the job,
ma'am!
Hi!
Welcome to tomatotopia!
That's not gonna happen.
There won't be a tomatotopia!
Uh Yuma...
tombo,
tombo, thanks for givin' me that
cucumber, but you're not gonna
win the duel carnival
'cause I'm a better duelist.
Oh really?
Prove it.
I plan to.
Let's duel!
That suits me just fine!
I've already won a
whole crop of victories
to make my dream Come True.
And you'll be the next loser!
Bring it on, son!
I will!
Duel Disk, go!
Let's do this!
But before we start, I'd like
to propose we add a special rule
just for fun.
Hold up, what special rule?
The basket rule!
Before you attack, you gotta
pull a vegetable outta the
basket and gobble it down!
You can't start your attack
until it's all eaten up.
You fired up for
the challenge, son?
But it's not fair!
You can't make up
some crazy rule and
expect me to go along with it!
Sounds like you're chicken!
Listen Kid, I'm a member of the
committee that approves all of
the duel carnival regulations.
This yokel's already caused all
kinds of chaos with his special
veggie rules, and
that's okay by me!
Hold on, nistro.
I have to approve too.
Aw loosen up, dextra!
Our farmer friend here just
wants to make things interesting
for his city slicker rivals.
I'm glad you understand.
Wait, his rules are bogus.
He's gonna have a
huge advantage.
The dude's a vegetable fanatic.
So what's wrong with that?
Bet ya this kid's a
major junk food fanatic.
They say you are what you eat.
Please, that's so insulting!
I eat healthy food sometimes.
Then you shouldn't have
a problem, should you?
I also approve the basket rule.
But lady...
bon appetit!
Hey Wait a second!
Since I'm a visitor
to these parts,
why don't ya let me go first?
And now... I draw!
First up, I'll use the field
spell tomato Paradise!
This lets me muster a tomato
token whenever I summon a
plant-Type monster, and tomato
Paradise is beautiful to boot.
It looks like a
tomato nightmare!
Next up, I summon tomatoknight!
My tomatoknight's a
plant-Type monster,
so I can summon a
tomato token too!
What is up with this guy?
Why don't you summon something
original like a broccoli?
to give a little zing, I'm
activating the spell tomatapult!
Not only does it let me hurl a
plant monster and hit ya for 400
points of damage, but it's
mighty entertainin' too!
Ready or not, here
comes a tomato token!
Get ready to get splattered!
You're gonna need a good scrub
down after this duel is done.
Now you're up.
That does it, tombo!
I'll smash your
tomatoes into pulp!
Don't hold back, yuma!
I won't.
I draw... and summon
my achacha Archer!
ASTRAL: It will deal 500
points of damage,
and that should most likely
get this duel back on track.
Yeah!
Let it fly, achacha!
Perfect,
now you should attack a monster.
Target his tomatoknight.
Right.
I forgot I can't attack.
According to the rules I have to
pull a vegetable out of this
basket first and then eat it.
So do it, yuma!
I was about to!
Just be careful what you pick.
Ah!
This seems okay.
Feels like a vegetable I know.
Kind of like...
an eggplant!
What is this thing?
It's a hybrid I grew crossing
an eggplant and a tomato.
It's tasty to a t!
I call it an eggmato!
No way.
I'll put a card facedown and
call it quits for this turn.
Yuma?
This is no time to get picky!
It makes no sense
to avoid attacking.
You should've struck
while you had a chance.
You'll regret not eatin'
your vegetables,
my fussy little friend!
My turn to... draw!
Feast your eyes on
tomato in tomato!
This card's doubly dangerous,
t s cause it's ability lets
me summon another one straight
to my field!
And When ya figure in the
effect of tomato Paradise,
I can add to my all-Tomato team
by summonin' up two tomato
tokens!
How many tomato cards
have you got?
I got bushels full of 'em!
And here's one of my faves,
the tough tomato spell card!
Now my plant-Type monster
gains 500 attack points
until the end of the turn!
And that gives 'em
plenty more ce.
I've turned these cute
little critters into the
ultimate power plants!
But before I attack,
I gotta eat a veggie.
Now which one will it be?
A zesty Pepper!
I'm "pepped" up!
Prepare yourself yuma.
Tomatoknight go after achacha
Archer with Bullseye blast!
And now tomato in tomato is
takin' aim directly at you,
better Brace yourself!
Go Tomato torrent!
Hoo-Wee!
I can keep peltin' you with
tomato monsters till you're
knocked out!
No!
Fight Back, yuma!
Now, use a trap card!
Oh Yeah!
I'll use the heartfelt appeal
trap to turn the tables on him!
Now when you hit me
with a direct attack,
I get control of whichever
one of your monsters
has the most defense points.
Which means your tomato in
tomato is now working as a
bodyguard for me!
Nice!
It's been quite awhile since I
saw the old tomato shield ploy,
but I got some
tomato tricks of my own.
Don't forget my tomatopult
is still in effect,
and that monster you
took won't save ya!
Go get him guys!
That's what I call
tomato teamwork!
You're up, yuma!
I can't take anymore.
Try to feel the flow.
Alright, now I draw!
I tribute tomato in tomato
and summon chachaka Archer!
Quite a wise choice.
No doubt you chose it because it
can destroy a spell or trap CARD
Once per turn.
It can?
Chachaka, use your special
ability to trash that
tomatapult! Now to power up.
This card should do the trick!
My blustering winds spell will
give chachaka Archer another
1000 attack points!
Very Good work.
And now you can attack.
Oh, that's right.
I completely forgot about...
dumb Basket rule!
Take your time...
This one feels...
familiar... like a...
cucumber!
Look at that.
I see it has the same
color as a tomato.
How can that be?
That there's the tastiest
tomato Creation I ever grew!
Have a bite and I guarantee
you'll agree, yuma!
Quit Playin' games with me!
Take it easy.
See, I'm just expandin' the
world of tomatoes to show how
great they are!
I think... that you're actually
trying to force me into
forfeiting our duel.
What is wrong?
Pull yourself together, yuma!
That basket has turned
you into a basket case!
Noooooooooooooo!
I won't do it, sorry!
You won't?
Wait a minute, you don't
like tomatoes, do ya?
That's right, it's True!
I think that tomatoes
are disgusting!
You hate tomatoes, yuma?
I admit it.
I've hated them
since I was a baby!
They're horrible!
You would rather lose
than eat one of them?
Yuma, you've got to
eat those vegetables!
You can't make me.
Right now I'll put a card
down, and end my turn.
So you're a tomato hater, huh?
When you and me started
this, it was just a duel.
But now its a grudge match!
Uh oh!
I won't let you insult the
greatest vegetable on earth!
It's odious ignoramuses Like
yourself who stand in the way of
my buildin' tomatotopia!
Fyi, tomatoes are
technically fruit!
So they'll never be
the greatest vegetable!
That's it.
I'm gonna serve you up a heap of
hurtin' with a side of grief.
Here it comes, now!
I summon tomato in tomato,
and a tomato token too!
Uh-oh!
I sense he is up
to something big.
I'm overlayin' both
of my tomato
in tomato's plus
my tomatoknight!
Then I'm usin' them to
build the overlay network,
so that I can xyz summon!
Make way for the
king of the crop,
the toughest tomato of 'em all,
all Hail the mighty tomato king!
That looks tasty.
Then I'll take advantage of
tomato Paradise's effect to
summon a tomato token!
And what's more, I'll activate
tomato King's special ability.
By using' an overlay unit, this
monster's attack points Double
UNTIL my next turn.
Nothing can top this tomato now.
Oh man, imagine running into
that freak in a grocery store!
And Look at those attack points!
3200!
Okay, get set king!
Fix your aim on chachaka Archer!
Pour on the heat
with Tomato terror!
Yuma!
That's the way!
You finished yuma off!
What?
How come you still have
life points left?
When you attacked, I activated
my transaction summon trap card.
This trap lowers the the
damage I take by 500,
and then I can summon a
monster with 1000 or
fewer attack points.
So not only did your king's
attack get totally squashed,
but now I can also
bring out a super
sweet monster... like this!
Say hello to gagaga girl!
Thing is,
I can't destroy your monster
in battle for a couple of your
turns.
It's the price I have
to pay for using the trap.
Alrighty!
Since you only have
400 life points,
I can afford to wait another
turn before my tomatoes
take you down.
Go for it!
Okay tombo, I'll draw!
Come on out, gagaga magician!
I suggest you change
the card's level, yuma.
Yeah!
I change gagaga
magician to level 3!
The next step holds
the key to your victory.
If you choose to xyz summon now,
you will have a fighting chance
to win this duel.
But first you have to reach in
that basket and eat what you
pull out.
I don't know, astral.
What if I pull
out another tomato?
I'll have to focus with
all my power for this move!
You're up, yuma.
The next step holds
the key to your victory.
If you choose to xyz summon now,
you will have a fighting chance
to win this duel.
But first you have
to reach in that basket
and eat what you pull out.
I don't know, astral.
What if I pull
out another tomato?
I'll have to focus with
all my power for this move!
hmm, here's a vegetable
i'm sure about!
Hello, carrot?
That's a carrot-Like
tomato I dreamt up which
I call a tomarrot!
Nooooooo!
Don't be a wimp!
Eat that tomarrot!
You have no choice.
That is unless
you wish to lose.
I know that!
But tomatoes are yucky
and I won't eat 'em,
I won't, I won't!
Okay.
Tombo will win and then
you know what will happen?
He's gonna turn this whole
city into tomatotopia!
Imagine What meals will be like
around here after that happens!
Tomato Salad for lunch,
tomato pizza for dinner,
and tomato duel fuel for desert!
And I'll force you to
swallow every bite!
What?
She sounds serious, yuma.
Alright.
You guys win, are you happy now?
I'll try eating the tomarrot!
Ready or not taste
buds, here I go!
Hey,
Hey, I really like it!
Oh Yeah!
It's even better than
Chocolate covered pork rinds!
That's music to my ears,
you've made me so proud!
I'm happy as a
Crow in a cornfield!
This is your chance, yuma.
Quickly,
xyz summon now!
Gotcha!
I overlay my level 3 gagaga
magician and gagaga girl in
order to build
the overlay network.
I xyz summon melomelody
the brass djinn!
Whenever you use gagaga girl and
another gagaga monster to xyz
Summon, then the attack points
of your opponent's xyz
monster can be zeroed out.
Go cell phone subtraction!
It's not the top tomato anymore!
Watch out, 'cause Melo the
brass djinn' s getting ready
to play. Hit it,
melomelody the brass djinn!
Blast tomato king
With Melody wave!
For right now, tomato king
won't be destroyed because of
transaction summon's effect,
but you'll still take
some heavy-Duty damage.
And now you can activate
melomelody the brass djinn's
special ability!
Cool!
I almost forgot that if you have
an xyz monster on your field,
melomelody can use an overlay
unit and attack again!
Tombo, your tomatoes
are fantastic!
I wanna dedicate these
last attacks to them!
Here's to you, tomato king!
That was awesome, melomelody!
And now you can
go for an encore.
Ready?
Go ahead and attack it!
Melody wave!
Whoa, now I know what it feels
like to be a tomato when it's
just been canned!
Yes!
Tombo, are you okay Buddy?
Wake up!
Yuma,
thanks.
Sorry, tombo.
I know how much winning
this duel meant to you.
But at least you did
win over my stomach.
Just think, if we hadn't dueled,
I never would've realized how
amazing tomatoes are.
That's all that matters.
You and me may be opponents on
the dueling field, but from now
on we'll always be brothers on
the tomato field.
That's right.
So long,
I'm gonna miss Ya, Buddy!
Here's your heart piece.
Take it easy!
That was the weirdest
duel I ever fought...
and the most tasty!
It's True.
Observation number sixteen.
The human stomach is as
complicated as the human brain.
Oh yeah!
I'm getting to the finals even
if I have to eat my way there!